java c
SoulCycle
Startup Valuation:   IPO
Due on   12/3   before   11:30 AMInstructions:   Your   group   should   upload   one   electronic   copy   of   your   Excel   solution   on   Canvas.   You must upload your solution before the start of the lecture on the   day   in which   they   are   due.   Assignments   submitted   late   will   not   be   accepted.   Ensure   your   solution   contains your cluster and each group   member’s   name.
Note: Since this   is a long case, you   only   need to   submit   answers   for   the   FCF   estimation   part.   If   you want   more practice, we have included   instructions to   solve the   entire   case.
Forecasting in this   CaseIn this case you are encouraged to forecast some key components of SoulCycle’s future free cash   flows.   There   is   no   “right”   or   “wrong”   answer   for   these   forecasts.   Instead,   use   the   information   in   the   case,   and   anything you   know   about   the firm   and   the   industry   to justify   the   assumptions you   make. Make sure that your   forecasting assumptions are made very clear in your assignment.   Your   submission   will be graded based   on the logic underlying your   forecasts and the   way that you apply   the valuation   methodology that you   have   learned   in class. Where   I   give   you   specific   instructions   on how to forecast a component of   free cash flow you should use those instructions. This will limit   the complexity of the case and make   it easier to   compare   solutions   in   class.To    make    it    easier    to    check    your    answers    after    class    make    sure    you    can    easily    adjust    the   forecasting assumptions   in a version of your spreadsheet to see   if you get the   same   numbers   as   in the lecture. This will help you check that your valuation   methodology   is   correct.You   should   use the   information you   have   about the   business   and what   you   know   about   the   firm   to try and form. your own estimates for what the future growth and   profitability   of SoulCycle   might   look   like.
OverviewRelated   Companies   LP along with   Elizabeth   Cutler and Julie   Rice are   considering   the   possibility   of IPOing their firm. You have been asked to estimate how much the equity of SoulCycle is worth.   Your valuation should take   place as of   December   31   2014. As   a   result, your   valuation   should   be   based on the projected free cash flows starting   in 2015. To   do   this   use   the   following   information.Note that the   excel   data file   only   contains the   primary   exhibits   from   the   case   reading   (these   are   Exhibits   2A,   2B,   2C,   5,   and   7B). You   may   need   a   few   numbers   from   other   Exhibits   in   the   case   reading.
Assignment Questions
1.   Project SoulCycle’s free cash flows. You should forecast that SoulCycle will   follow   a   two   stage   growth   process.   For the   next six years   it will continue   to   grow   rapidly   by   adding   new   studios.   After   that   growth   will   slow   and   it   will   primarily   concentrate   on   operating   the   studios   opened   during its expansion period. To forecast the free cash flows this will generate use the following   instructions:Projecting   Revenue   in   Each   Year.   Revenue   growth   from   Studio   Fees   at   SoulCycle   is   primarily   driven   by growth   in the   number of studios.   Accordingly you should forecast   revenues from studio   fees using the following formula.
Revenue from Studio Fees = (Number of Studios)×(Number of Rides Per Studio)×(Studio Fee Per   Ride)
This   requires forecasting each of the three   components   of studio   fee   revenue.   Use   the   following   information to do this:
•          Number of studios: You should   project   the   expected   number   of   studios   in   2015   and   each   year   after.   Based   on   all   of   the   information   in   the   case   make   an   assumption   about   the   growth rate in the number of studios over the next six years   (i.e.   starting from   its   historical   value   at   the   end   of   2014   and   projecting   up   to   and   including   2020).   Assume   a   single   constant    rate    and    provide    3-5    sentences    justifying    your    assumption      based      on      your   analysis   of the   information that   is   presented   in the   case.   Make   sure that   the   assumption   you make is shown clearly in your assignment. One way   to anchor your forecast is to think   about   how   many   studios   you   expect   SoulCycle   will   have   at   the   end   of   its   growth   phase   (i.e.by   the   end   of 2020). The   data   provided   in   Exhibits   2D,   5,   6,   9A and   9B   are   all   good   places to look for information to help form   and   justify   your forecast.Assume that   SoulCycle will   reach   near   market saturation   by the end   of   2020. As   a   result   the   number   of studios will   grow   at   a   constant   rate   of   0.5%   from   2020   to   2021   and   each   year after that.Note that the number of   studios is changing over   the course of   the year. For all calculations   use   the   total   number   of   studios   at   the   end   of   the   year   to   represent   the   total   number   of   studios in that year (do not bother inferring the average number of studios over the course   of   year).
•          Number    of   Rides    Per   Studio:   Assume   that   the   number   of   rides   per   studio   will   remain   constant at the ratio obtained in 2014   (see   Exhibit   2c)   for   each   year   into   the   future.
•          Studio   Fees   Per   Ride:   To   project   this,   start   with   the   average   studio   fee   per   ride   in   2014   (Exhibit 2c).   In words, this   is the average   price   that   a   customer   pays   for   one   class.   Next,   make an assumption about how this   will grow over   the next six years (i.e. through to 2020).   Assume   a   constant   growth   rate   (it   can   be   negative   if you   think   that   the   average   price   of   rides   will   fall) and provide 3-5 sentences   justifying your assumption based on your analysis   of   the    information    that    is    presented    in    the    case.    Think    about    how    the    expansion    of   SoulCycle studios   is   likely to   impact the average   price   it can charge   per   ride across   all   its   studios.   Make sure that the   assumption you make is   shown   clearly   in   your   assignment.
Assume that studio fees   per ride will grow   at   a   constant   rate   of   1.75% from   2020   to   2021   and each year after that   (i.e. to   keep   up with   inflation).
•          Revenue   from   Studio   Fees:   Multiply   the   three   components   of   total   revenue   from   studio   fees together to obtain your estimate of revenue from studio fees for the entire firm in each   year.
•          Merchandise   Sales:   Based   on   the   historical   link   between   merchandise   sales   and   studio   fees, forecast that these will   be   19% of studio   fees   for   each   year   going   forward. Add   this   to the total studio fees you forecasted to compute your estimate of “Total   Revenue”   .Projecting “Compensation and   Related”, “General and   Administrative” and “Rent   and   Occupancy   for 2015-2020. Assume that during   SoulCycle’s expansion   phase, growth   in   these   expenses   will   be driven primarily by the growth in the   number   of studios.   For   each   of these   expenses,   compute   its   ratio to the   num代 写SoulCycle Startup Valuation: IPOJava
代做程序编程语言ber of studios   in   2014. Assume   this   ratio   will   be   constant   from   2015   to   2020,   and   use   the   ratio   along   with   your   forecasts   for   Number   of   Studios   to   project   the   level   of   each   expense.Projecting   all   other   expenses   items for 2015-2020. All   other   expenses   items   (e.g.,   “retail   cost   of   sales   (COGS)”   and   “depreciation”)   are   driven   by   Total   Revenue   (=   Studio   Fees   +   Merchandise   Sales).   For each   item of expense, assume that they will grow   at   the   same   rate   as   Total   Revenue   starting from 2014 to 2015 and continuing all the way through to   and   including   2020.Project earnings before interest and tax (EBIT)   for 2021 and each year after that by assuming that   SoulCycle’s   operating    profit    margin    (EBIT/Total    Revenue)    stabilizes   to   a   constant    level.   You   should   use   the   information   in   the   case   in   conjunction   with   your   earlier   projections   to   choose   a   constant   long-run   forecast   of   OPM   at   SoulCycle   from   2021   on.   For   example,   take   into   account   the average OPM that Bally exhibited from   1996-2006 (Exhibit 5) to help guide your forecast. Use   this along with your forecasts of Total   Revenue to forecast   EBIT in 2021 and each year after that.   Make   sure   that   the   forecast   you   make   is   shown   clearly   in   your   assignment   and   provide   3-5   sentences justifying your choice based on the information that   is   presented   in the   case.Taxes.   SoulCycle   will   face   a   corporate   tax   rate   of   35%.   Note   that   the   historical   taxes   paid   by   SoulCycle (see Exhibit 2a) have been unrepresentatively low due   to income   tax loss carryforwards   that will not continue   into   the future.
Projecting   Balance Sheet   Items   in   Each YearThere are several items on the balance sheet (including   Property   Plant and   Equipment   (net)) that   you will need to forecast in order to project free cash flow.   For   each   item you   should   compute   the   ratio that was observed   relative to Total   Revenue   in 2014.   Use this   ratio   along with   your forecast   of Total   Revenue   to   project   the   level   of   each   item.    Part   of your job   is   to   decide   which   balance   sheet   items you need and how to   incorporate them   into your free   cash flow   projections.
The following information defines some of the items   on the   balance   sheet   in   more   detail:
•          Deferred Revenue: The balance sheet in Exhibit 2b includes a liability of   deferred revenue.   This   refers to   classes that   have   been   bought   and   paid for   in   advance   but   have   not   been   taken yet. As the classes are taken over   time,   these   are   then   recognized   as   sales   on   the   income statement.
•          Inventories: These primarily   refer to   inventories of   SoulCycle   branded   merchandise.
•          Deferred    Rent:          The    balance   sheet    in    Exhibit   2b    includes   a    liability   of   deferred    rent.   SoulCycle   has   signed   many   graduated   lease   schedules   that   offer   discounts   early   in   the   life of the lease contract. However, GAAP accounting requires businesses to   record   lease   payments using a straight line accounting method that averages the   lease   payments   over the life of the lease. The deferred rent liability captures the additional rent that   is due to   be   paid   in the future relative to what   is recorded   in the   income statement
2.                         Estimate   SoulCycle’s   optimal   capital   structure.   To   estimate   the   optimal   capital   structure   for SoulCycle use the following   information:
•          You will need a starting guess for the enterprise   value   of   SoulCycle   despite   the fact   that   it   is not currently publicly traded. To do this, choose comparable firm(s) from those provided   in   Exhibit 7 and   use an   (Enterprise Value)/EBIT multiple to   estimate   the   EV   at   SoulCycle.   Justify which comparable firm(s) you use to form. your estimate.
•          There is very little data to   judge how variable SoulCycle’s operating   profit   margin   could   be   in   the   future. As   part   of   your   free   cash   flow   projections,   you   forecasted   what   operating   profit   margins would   be at   SoulCycle on average   in the   long   term.   Estimate   that   in   a   bad   year operating profit margins will fall to   half this   ratio.
•          You   will   need   to   estimate   the   yield   (rD)   that   SoulCycle   will   pay   on   its   debt   at   the   optimal   capital   structure.   To   do   this,   use   the   following   information   on   debt   ratings   and   yields.   Specifically,   estimate   SoulCycle’s   bond   rating   by   computing   the   actual   coverage   ratio   SoulCycle would   have   had   in 2014   if it   had   been at   its optimal capital structure.   Compare   this to the information on “Interest Coverage Ratio” to estimate how SoulCycle   will be rated   in the future.



* Average Interest coverage (EBIT'InterestExpense)for firms at   this credit   rating.   source   Moody'S   Financial Metrics       key   Ratios BYRating   andIndustry   forGlobal   Non-Financial
Corporations: December 2013
** Average yield   on10year corporate bonds at each rating on Dec31   2014.   source:   JP
Morgan and us.spindices.com
   
Justify   each   of   the   judgments   you    make    in    arriving   at   your   estimate   for   the   optimal   capital   structure.
3.                         Estimate    the    weighted    average    cost    of    capital.    You    should      estimate    the      WACC      for   SoulCycle   at   the   optimal   capital   structure.   To   estimate   the   asset   beta   for   SoulCycle   choose   comparable firm(s) from those listed in Exhibit 7. Justify your choice.   Assume that cash is the only   nonoperating assets at these comparable firms.
4.                         Estimate   SoulCycle’s   residual   value. You   should   estimate   three   different   residual   values   for SoulCycle:
•          Growing   Perpetuity Assume   that   the   free   cash   flows   grow   at   a   constant   rate   consistent   with   your   forecasts.   To   do   this   you   will   need   to   find   the   year   when,   according   to   your   forecasts the free cash flows begin to behave like a growing perpetuity (i.e. grow   from that   year   forward   at   a   constant   rate).


•          Enterprise   Value   Multiples   Estimate   the   residual   value   using   both   a   EV/(Total   Revenue)   multiple and an EV/EBIT multiple based on comparable   firm(s) (in Exhibit 7). In both cases,   form. an estimate of the   residual value at   the   same   point   in   time   as   the   other   two   residual   value   estimates.   Hint:   when   applying   this   method   the   data   in   Exhibit   7   will   produce   a   trailing   multiple.   You   should   apply   the   multiple   you   get   from   the   comparable   firm(s)   to   SoulCycle’s forecasted Total   Revenue   (Studio   Fees   +   Merchandise   Sales) and   EBIT   in a   consistent way.
5.                         Valuation   and   Recommendation.   Using   each   of   the   three   residual   values,   estimate   the   value of SoulCycle’s equity at December 31 2014. Which of   the estimates do you think is the most   reasonable? Justify your choice.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
